cinema synopses spoiler alert Wade
Wilson is a dishonorably discharged
Special Forces operative working as a
mercenary I belong to a group of guys
who take a dime to beat a fellow down
when he meets escort Vanessa what's a
nice place like you doing in a girl like
this they become romantically involved
and a year later she accepts his
marriage proposal I love you
so that's it however after Wilson is
diagnosed with terminal cancer wait
people react to news of late-stage
cancer differently
he leaves Vanessa without warning so she
will not have to watch him die a
mysterious recruiter approaches Wilson
what if I told you we can cure your
cancer he is taken to Ajax and angel
dust are you strong for lady Ajax
injects Wilson with a serum that today
sending even change looking a new DNA
they then subjective two days of torture
to induce stress to trigger any mutation
Wade may have but without success
annalee me all alone here unless angry
Rosie O'Donnell Wilson discovers and
makes fun of Ajax's real name a tough
Guinea V was the name like Francis after
Wilson's taunts Ajax leaves Wilson in a
hyperbaric chamber that takes him to the
verge of asphyxiation periodically over
a weekend until the weekend it finally
activates a superhuman healing ability
that cures his cancer but leaves him
severely disfigured with burn-like scars
over his entire body he escapes from the
chamber and attacks Ajax but relents
when told the names
can you cure me
I'm neon want a conviction muck Ajax of
Jews Wilson and leaves him for dead in
the burning laboratory Wilson survives
and seeks out Vanessa gust but then does
not reveal he is alive afraid of how she
would react to his new appearance after
consulting his best friend weasel I'm
sorry you're haunting Wilson decides to
hunt down Ajax for the Cure he becomes a
masked vigilante adopting the name
Deadpool from weasel picking him in a
Deadpool captain Deadpool now just just
did and moves into the home of an
elderly blind woman named Al Miss
cocaine Deadpool questions and murders
many of Ajax again it's Francis until
one the recruiter reveals Ajax's
whereabouts
where's your boss Deadpool intercepts
Ajax puns way of armed men on an
expressway killing everyone but Ajax
look at good Francis well-rested he
demands the Cure at time to undo what
you did to this plot her face but is
interrupted by the x-men philosophy and
his trainee negasonic teenage warhead
this is a shameful the reckless use of
film powers Colossus wants Deadpool to
mend his ways and join the x-men join us
use your powers for good taking
advantage of the distraction
Ajax escapes quite unfortunate
he goes to weasels bar and learns of
Vanessa I've seen this
Vanessa Ajax kidnaps her and takes her
to a decommissioned Helicarrier in a
scrapyard
Deadpool convinces colossus and
negasonic to help him rescue Vanessa
he's got my girl you're gonna help me
get her back while colossus and
negasonic battle angel deadpool fights
his way to ajax
does Eva you know Stu during the battle
negasonic accidentally destroys the
equipment
stabilizing the Helicarrier Deadpool
protects Vanessa from the falling ship
losses carries negasonic and angel the
same Ajax attacked Deadpool again but
reveals did you really think music you
for then despite Colossus is pleading
for Wilson to spam Deadpool kills Ajax
though he promises to try and be more
heroic moving forward Norman yeah yeah
be on the lookout
thanks for movements though Vanessa is
angry at Wilson for leaving her thing
I'm sorry for ver prefer leaving she
reconciles with him
keep watching for some fun Easter eggs
and trivia from Deadpool in the scenes
where he is dealing with the stalker
pizza delivery guy
Wade is wearing a t-shirt with a
portrait of Bea Arthur on the front this
is a reference to the fact that in the
comics Deadpool has an affection for
Arthur and the Golden Girls a TV show
from 1985 according to Ryan Reynolds on
the blu-ray commentary track it costs
$10,000 to get approval to use the image
all of this went to charity after
Vanessa and Wade have ski bald and are
trading in their winning tickets for
prizes a large stuffed dog wearing a
Deadpool attire can be seen hanging
behind the counter this refers to dog
pool a canine version of Deadpool from
an alternate universe in the Marvel
comic books Vanessa is a shape-shifting
mutant that goes by the alias of copycat
she homages her comic book version when
she mentions that she has played a lot
of roles in the x-men origins Wolverine
movie in 2009
Deadpool doesn't wear his trademark red
costume but appeared as a disfigured
bald man that is naked above the waist
with his mouth sewn shut he also
possesses two retractable katanas in
both forearms as a reference to this
prior film there is a scene that briefly
features this modified Deadpool as an
action figure in another scene in the
lab Ajax suggests sewing up Wade's mouth
to shut him up pretty much
- this Wade replies this is a reference
to x-men origins Wolverine where Wade
Wilson's mouth is sewn shut which drew
the ire of comic book fans everywhere
including Reynolds himself in the comics
negasonic teenage warhead is actually a
telepath and precognitive mutant her
abilities were changed for the film due
to the fact that the writers thought
that by having explosive powers it would
fit more with her name when Deadpool
breaks
and after attempting to punch Colossus
he exclaims this is a reference to Wade
Wilson's Canadian origin and Ryan
Reynolds himself is also Canadian Oh
Canada is the national anthem of Canada
Stanley jokingly said that his biggest
complaint about his cameo as a DJ in the
strip club is that he didn't get to
spend enough time with the attractive
actresses playing the strippers Deadpool
as originally created draws influence
from the DC Comics character Deathstroke
also known as Slade Wilson by Rob
Liefeld in the original comic books
deadpool garnered his healing factor
from an experiment involving a sample of
Wolverines blood the serum wade is
injected with can be seen to have drops
of blood in it implying that those drops
of blood come from wolverine the ammo
bag that deadpool fills with firearms
that is later forgotten in the final
battle is a nod to Deadpool's unlimited
weapon and ammo satchel in Marvel Comics
in the trailer and in the film Wade
Wilson requests please don't make super
suit green or animated this is a
reference to Ryan Reynolds his previous
role as the DC superhero Green Lantern
in 2011 in which as stated the green
suit was a special effect rather than an
actual costume for Reynolds to put on
when 20th Century Fox refused to pay the
writers of the film Rhett Reese and Paul
Wernick for on-site input Ryan Reynolds
paid out of his own pocket for them to
be on set to look over the film restated
we were on set every day interestingly
Ryan wanted us there we were on the
project for six years it was really a
core creative team of us Ryan and
director Tim Miller Fox interestingly
wouldn't pay for us to be on set Ryan
Reynolds paid out of his own money out
of his own pocket
I personally think this is outstanding
and shows Ryan's dedication and passion
for making this film great it's no
surprise that this is one of my favorite
movies of all time in Deadpool vol 2 an
alternate theory is given for Deadpool's
immortality the entity known as death
was the mad Titan Thanos his lover but
at some point she falls in love with
Wilson after he continually meets with
her in his near-death experiences
noticing that his lover is falling for
another man Thanos curses Deadpool with
immortality so that he would stop making
advances on his lover death
[Music]